Do you hear me?
Brother 5 said he wants to see us go
In order to treat our prince
He took out his own Zijindan
I want to come to the prince to see them today to express my gratitude
Do you want to thank or meet your sweetheart?
He meets whoever he likes
What does it have to do with me?
Go MOMO
Let's go see Brother Huo
Fifth brother sees you getting better
I'm really happy.
Thanks to your Zijindan and Cloud
Do things for him
Not mad at that crazy woman
Count me lucky
What is Zijindan?
My brother is not on the battlefield
I don't need any Zijindan at all, I'm fine
do not know
Thank you, Princess Qi, for visiting
You and I are like brother and sister
There is no need to say the word thank you.
Who is so cruel?
He actually killed the prince
An assassin was caught that night
Kim Jo Yama is still being interrogated
Forget it these two days
Did the seventh brother ever go to the palace to greet him?
How is the emperor's grandfather?
The emperor's grandfather is in good spirits
It's a lot more than Kangtai before
Grandfather Emperor and Fifth Brother, you can both turn into An
As my father said, God bless me
That's what it says.
That woman is not a good doctor
How to compare with God
Fifth brother
You go on
Grandfather Huang also asked me to ask about your situation
Let the king convey
So he says.
Although I miss it without loss
But he was very understanding.
Allow him to accompany you for a few days
Who wants him to accompany?
Let him stay with you for a few more days
I'm afraid the hair in other places of this king can't be hugged either.
Oh.
Got it, wait better
The king went to thank the emperor's grandfather for his grace
When did the Supreme Emperor take such a fancy to Princess Chu?
I don't know what kind of ecstasy soup he gave Wang Zumu
Obviously such a hated person
Hey but
For the sake of saving Brother Wu
The king will take a walk and argue with him
He saved the prince
Could it be that the Supreme Emperor got better because of him?
I want to enter the palace to greet my mother
I won't go back home with you
If you can't, you will know that a high-ranking official like the Supreme Emperor will never
Can let Yuan Qingren and Chu Wangfu get it